♪ MTV ♪
[Tommy] Well, I tell you what,
I've seen some terrible ideas
- in my day.
- [Ariana] It's the least
I can do, and it'll be nice
to have some company.
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
You remember
what happened to them?
[Blanton]
Private banks won't touch
- fossil fuels anymore.
- [Monty] How many wells?
- Three hundred.
- What do you need me for?
[Monty over phone]
The stars aligned.
We're pushing the chips
toward the middle.
You're pushing 300 million chips
in the middle, Monty.
Well, they're my chips,
aren't they, Tommy?
[Angela] I'm gonna start
volunteering there.
- I know what you people need.
- What's that?
[laughter]
Whatever you did, keep doing it.
Whoo!
- Who's that?
- [Shelby] Ryder Sampson.
He's the quarterback. All State.
♪ tense, atmospheric music ♪
- Say you're mine.
- I'm yours.
- Wrong. You're fucking mine!
- [groaning]
We need more than this clown
watching this place.
[Ariana]
Would you look at this for me?
- The other families signed.
- [Rebecca] If you refuse,
we will be forced
to withhold payment
to the other families.
***
♪ I've been baptized ♪
♪ In the river ♪
♪ I've been washed out ♪
♪ In the rain ♪
♪ I've been frozen,
so I don't... ♪
[Rebecca]
So, they sent you
for a wrench,
and while your back
was conveniently turned,
the pumpjack blew.
No, I-I was running back
from the truck when it blew.
- Why were you running?
- 'Cause that's what you do.
Hurry.
When someone asks for something,
you haul ass.
And he needed this tool to...?
I don't know why.
I'm assuming the tool--
a wrench, yes?
- A pipe wrench.
- A pipe wrench
would be the proper tool
to secure a valve?
[scoffs]
Lady, it was my second day.
I didn't know the proper way
to do anything.
Right.
♪ slow, tense music ♪
What we are offering her,
and the other family members,
is almost
half a million dollars...
...each.
That is enough to pay off
her mortgage,
cover her bills for two decades
and still put that baby
through college.
But if the choice
is to seek damages
from the company you work for...
...well, then, we must
scrutinize everything.
Every family.
And this?
I mean, do you have any idea
how bad this looks?
Husband dead less than a month
and you're sleeping
in his fucking bed?
The one person
who survived the explosion
completely unscathed.
You know exactly which valve
and which tool, don't you?
And the reason you were running
was to get as far away
as you possibly could.
- Fuck you.
If she fails to sign,
and seeks litigation,
I will crucify you
to destroy her.
And I do mean destroy.
You will be
criminally investigated.
Have you been helping her
with her finances?
Have you sold
any of Elvio's belongings?
I seem to recall
a pretty fancy pickup
that's no longer out front.
You see where I'm going
with this, don't you?
It's not true, and you know it.
You're the only one
who knows the truth, Cooper.
Because you're the only one
who survived.
And I reject your truth.
I think I'll invent my own.
♪ gentle music ♪
***
♪ gentle, contemplative music ♪
[horns honking]
Ah, forgive me
for not standing, Monty.
I'm pretty wedged in here good.
You have the railroad
commissioner at 9:15.
[governor]
Mm-hmm.
There's two types of men
in this world.
Those who like hollandaise sauce
and those who absolutely
detest it.
- Which one are you?
- Can't say
I've ever really had it.
I'm not much
of a breakfast guy myself.
I guess there's three types.
[chuckles]
My wife has me on this diet,
you can eat whatever you want.
I mean,
it's all portion control.
Eat breakfast like a king,
lunch like a prince
and dinner like a pauper.
- I've heard of that.
- Yeah, problem is,
you wake up at midnight
starving and eat
a bowl of ice cream
or a sandwich
- and screw the whole deal.
- [waiter] Coffee?
Uh, tea, please.
- Decaffeinated, herbal.
- Sure.
[governor]
Are you on, you on statins?
[Monty]
I'm on every fucking thing
they can put me on,
pardon my French.
You ever hear
of that guy in the '70s
who wrote a best-selling book
about jogging,
then died of a heart attack
while he was jogging?
All these pills and diets,
I don't think they make
the slightest difference.
I think God knows exactly
when we're leaving this place
before he ever puts us here.
Actors in a play,
that's all we are.
- Eh, maybe so.
- What can we do you for?
Well, I'm having a little
cartel difficulty in the patch.
It's starting to affect
our drilling schedule.
- Affecting it how?
- Intimidating workers,
blocking roads,
stealing equipment, usual shit.
Big five doing anything
about it?
- If they are, it ain't working.
- [sighs]
This fucking border.
Washington's got its head
so deep in the sand
it's staring at the sewers
in Beijing.
Here's the issue, Monty.
DPS doesn't have enough manpower
to be effective,
beyond traffic stop
and searches.
And Rangers,
they're an investigative group,
and there aren't enough
to have an impact.
Yeah, well, I have a solution.
- What is that?
- Texas National Guard.
I deploy the National Guard?
I don't want you to deploy them,
but they have to train, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- So...
maybe they train there.
Uh, Monty, uh,
when the military train,
they shoot guns and drop bombs.
I'm not sure how compatible
that is with petroleum products.
Yeah, well, I'd prefer
they didn't bomb the wells,
but there's about
75,000 acres there.
Maybe they can figure out
somewhere else to bomb.
Look, th-there's
a National Guard base in Odessa
that has to schlep 400 miles
to Fort Hood to train,
if they can get a slot.
Shit, they can drive
15 minutes here
and do whatever
the fuck they want.
- You want me to lease it?
- [stammers]
I-I'll give it to you.
I don't give a shit
if they go dove hunting on it,
as long as they're out there.
A lot.
Who's in command of that post?
- Colonel Ivey.
- All right.
And, uh, you got a landman
out in Odessa?
Tommy Norris.
Tommy? He's still scratching
away out there, huh?
- Still scratching.
- Hmm.
Well...
put him in touch with Ivey,
see if they can
figure something out.
Uh, don't put me
on the news, Monty.
Thank you, Governor.
You know,
when we were coming up,
I'd have picked Tommy
over anyone to make it.
Well, he did make it.
Then he lost it.
Yeah. You know why?
'Cause it's all been decided
before we even start.
Maybe so.
- Thanks again.
- All right.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[Nathan]
I was just showing Ariana
some different
investment strategies
she could implement
with the funds.
And with interest rates
in the sixes,
well, she has some
real attractive options
to secure her son's future.
What does Cooper think?
Let's ask him.
What do you think?
A million.
That's what I think.
A million?
You weren't standing
on that doorstep
this morning at 7 a.m.
'cause you're sitting
on a strong case.
You want to go to trial? Fine.
Her lawyer is gonna file
environmental claims with TCEQ,
seek safety
and equipment reviews
from OSHA
and the Railroad Commission.
Been all over these pumps
and holding tanks,
I ain't seen one
that'll pass yet.
Then it's the deposition,
and, yeah, sure,
you might rake me
through the coals,
but what pearls of wisdom
will the other 700
M-TEX oil riggers
put in the public record?
If it's worth 1.2 million
to avoid trial,
it's worth three.
And why are you carrying
the load for all this?
Where's your insurance company?
What the fuck don't you
want them to see?
So, yeah. It's a million.
♪ slow, somber music ♪
***
[Nathan] Yeah, I have
a counter on the settlement.
A what?
Did they hire an attorney?
Came up with it on their own.
They what?
Uh, hold on,
let me-let me get in the car.
Did you say
"no attorney"?
I'm not in a
position to answer that.
You think you're pretty smart,
don't you?
Smart enough.
- How much?
- A million.
Jesus, Nate. How the fuck
did they know to counter?
One of the family members
asked Cooper Norris to sit in.
[Monty]
Who-- Tommy Norris' kid?
My fucking employee,
Cooper Norris?
[Nathan]
Yes, sir.
[sighs] Oh, Jesus.
All right. [sighs]
Do the million with an NDA
and restrict the offer to
whoever the fuck he's advising.
With an NDA.
- What's an NDA?
- [Rebecca] It means you can't
disclose the settlement
or the amount of the settlement
with anyone,
including other family members.
- Which means they don't get it.
- That's not fair.
- Oh...
- [Cooper] No.
No, they all need to get it.
They won't sign
unless it's for all three.
Put Rebecca on the phone.
[sighs]
- Yes, sir?
- Hey, there!
I thought you were pretty
hot shit after that deposition,
but looks like you're getting
hustled here by a fucking worm
off a work-over crew.
Now, you think this-this widow
is gonna be able
to find a litigator
to work on contingency?
Not without his help, but
I think she can count on that.
[sighs] Fuck it.
Pay it and paper it
and then fire that lying,
backstabbing son of a bitch.
Uh...
You can't do that, sir.
It's wrongful termination.
Tell him not to worry. I quit.
He is tendering his resignation.
Oh! Well, fucking great.
It looks like something's
finally going
my fucking way.
[grunts]
[Rebecca]
There are four boxes,
initials in those.
Sign right there.
Let me look over that.
[Rebecca]
Let me give you the highlights.
It says you can't sue M-TEX
for anything, ever.
Nothing in the past,
nothing in the future. If an
M-TEX helicopter
drops an anvil on your house,
you have no recourse.
That's what
a million dollars buys,
and if you don't like that--
and I sure hope you don't--
then I will see you in court.
What do you think?
Sign it.
[Rebecca]
There you go.
You crazy kids,
don't spend it all in one place.
Rebecca.
I wish you the best
in your future endeavors.
- I don't know what that means.
- It means go fuck yourself.
[Nathan]
Rebecca!
[door opens]
[door closes]
We are very sorry for your loss.
You did a good thing.
[sighs]
[sniffles]
You quit your job over me.
I'm gonna run
an oil company one day,
and I'm not gonna
run it like that.
I learned
all they could teach me.
I feel happy and I shouldn't.
Elvio died for this.
I shouldn't look at you
and feel...
[sniffling]
It's too soon to feel
what I feel for you.
Then we wait.
I don't want to wait.
I'm gonna fix this
other room for you.
♪ tender music ♪
***
Ah, fuck.
[sighs]
I'll move all this
to the garage.
Um, and I will buy a mattress.
Maybe I should stay
somewhere else.
Where? [sighs]
You just quit your job.
You can barely walk.
You're really up the creek
without a pickle.
Without a paddle.
Or I could be "in a pickle."
Being up a creek without
a pickle isn't a problem.
It's... it's no paddle,
that's the problem.
Well, you're one of those,
whichever one's worse.
[baby crying]
[sniffles]
♪ upbeat rock music ♪
***
♪ If you heard somebody
talking about ♪
♪ Staying in tonight ♪
♪ Need a break from the bar
and the beer... ♪
[Angela and Tommy
grunting and moaning]
♪ And the wild and free ♪
♪ You didn't hear that from me ♪
♪ If somebody said put that
paycheck straight in... ♪
- Morning, Dale.
- Mm-hmm.
[Angela and Tommy
continue grunting and moaning]
[country music
playing over earbuds]
Is my mom up yet?
- [laughs]
- My mom?
Pretty sure she's awake,
but I don't think she's up.
When you see her,
will you tell her I'm ready?
Gonna eat outside.
It is so pretty today.
[Angela and Tommy
continue grunting and moaning]
♪ Oh, you didn't hear that
from me ♪
[grunting]
[Angela panting]
[sighs]
I don't know who the hell
you're mad at,
but they're not hiding
inside of me.
Sorry, honey. I just got
a little carried away.
So much for my
fucking spin class.
[groans]
When I wake up,
I want gentle, soft, slow
Sunday morning sex.
That was Saturday sex.
We don't do Saturday sex
at eight in the fucking morning.
So, read the fucking room, baby.
Read the fucking room.
[Angela]
Don't smoke in this house!
How'd you know I was smoking?
I just lit the son of a bitch.
'Cause I can fucking smell it.
You were smoking in the house
- last night.
- Yes.
At night.
Different rules
during the fucking day. [scoffs]
Would you eat cereal
for fucking supper?
Until you moved in,
that's all I ate.
For supper?
Yeah. Well, sometimes,
I would eat them little
Chef Boyardee raviolis
- out of the can.
- Ugh.
And didn't even heat it up.
Just opened the can
and ate 'em right out.
Don't you dare
call them ravioli.
I don't call them raviolis,
the company calls 'em that.
It's on the goddamn label.
They are the farthest
fucking thing from ravioli.
It's fucking disgusting,
is what it is.
Way to start the fucking day,
baby. You know, thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'm really looking forward
to 12 more hours of this shit.
Fuck.
Son of a bitch.
[water running]
How you doing, Dale?
[chuckles] I just listened
to my entire first marriage
condensed into five minutes,
and I am fucking exhausted.
Hey, listen, if we have any cans
of ravioli in the pantry,
they may want to find their way
to the trash can.
I struck a nerve. [sighs]
[birdsong]
- Morning, honey.
- [music playing on earbuds]
[mouthing]
- Hey, sweetheart. Morning.
- [gasps]
- Oh, my God.
- What the fuck?
Why are you sneaking up
on me like that?
I wasn't sneaking.
I'm just saying good morning.
Shit, I'm sorry.
I dropped my yogurt.
Sorry. My fault.
[groans]
Ryder invited me to...
Bible study tonight, where we...
discuss the virtues
of abstinence.
He invited you to what?
Daddy, you told me to lie.
So what time
is this Bible study over?
Midnight?
- Maybe one?
- You gonna read the whole Bible?
[door opens, closes]
- Ready, baby?
- Hey, can we go
to Starbucks before spin?
Oh, we're doing
the elliptical today, baby.
Your daddy was a brute. Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna go entertain my old
folks, and then I'll be home.
What about you?
Well, it's gonna be
like every day.
It's gonna be late,
it's gonna be after dark,
and if there's a problem,
it'll be darker and later.
Pumping oil 24 hours a day now?
- Yeah, for the past 130 years.
- [chuckles] Right.
- Bye, Daddy.
- Bye, babe.
- Starbucks!
- [laughs]
♪ pensive music ♪
***
- [sighs]
- [door opens]
- [door closes]
- [Dale] This is, uh...
I-- [sighs] I mean...
It... [sighs]
I-I know. Yeah. Yeah.
Maybe it's time to think
about getting your own house.
You know,
wouldn't that be nice?
- [phone vibrates]
- Hang on a second.
- Hey, Monty.
- [Monty] Hey.
Check your email.
You're gonna link up
with this colonel
from the Texas Army Guard.
He needs maps of all of our
rigs and pads and tanks
and transfer stations,
- everything.
- All right. I got 'em.
Good. Let me know how it goes.
Okay. Thank you, sir.
We're in business.
Get those drilling rigs out
to the Sage Creek lease,
all right?
You get security?
I got something
better than that.
[groaning]
[watch beeping]
[exhales]
[strains]
Take me to the hospital.
♪ slow, tense music ♪
***
[Tommy]
Yeah, it's all the way past...
Shit, you can't even see
the end of it from here.
Most of the oil and gas
production is over on here
on the south side of the road.
So, over here, bombs away.
What we typically do
is bring out old cars,
set 'em up and use 'em.
This area's good
for small arms training,
but I wouldn't want
to drop ordinance over here.
How often are tankers
emptying those holding tanks?
- Every day.
- Yeah, I don't know
how much use we could
get out of this.
Well, don't y'all march around
and go on long hikes
and shit like that?
You can't do that here?
We could PT out here for sure.
This place is great
for infil-exfil drills.
You're just looking for a
presence to serve as deterrents
to all the drug activity out
here, is that the deal?
That's the deal.
- We can do that.
- Okay.
We can use this area
for night ambushes.
Some CQB work.
You mind if we build
some semi-permanent
structures over here?
Shit, you can build
whatever you want to.
You can put in
a fucking Starbucks
as far as I'm concerned.
You know, 35th is down here.
They could get some use
out of this.
What's 35th?
Assault helicopter unit
out of Kansas.
Now, that's
what I'm talking about.
- Right there.
- [Porterfield] We can have 'em
running surveillance flights
this afternoon.
Fucking outstanding, sir.
Now, oh, hang on a second.
I got a call coming in.
Hey, thank you guys. Very much.
Yes, sir?
[Monty] Hey, listen.
You're gonna have to
- have a word with your son.
- About what?
About tripling my cost
on settling this blowout.
- Let's have you raise your arm.
- Yeah, fine. Shit.
Where are you, Monty?
Yeah, I-I... I'm just
trying to get through
another day here,
Tommy, all right?
Now, your boy quit
and I'm not having him back.
Yes, sir. I understand that.
I appreciate you giving him
the opportunity.
Great. Well, it only cost me
$3 million dollars.
Who's this?
- Well, hey, Cami.
- Tommy?
We're in the hospital.
So he's gonna have
to call you back.
Actually, you know what,
I'll call you back.
And if you need something,
then you call my cell, not his.
Oh, okay.
Yes, ma'am. I understand.
Sorry.
I'll talk to y'all later.
Ugh.
You know this piece of shit used
to be a Motel 6 at some point.
We're gonna have to remodel
the whole thing.
Cute logo.
[chuckles]
Hi!
They're all impatiently
waiting for you two.
- What's with the sprinter van?
- It's for field trips.
Field trips where?
Well, anywhere, I guess.
We haven't actually
taken one yet.
But you've got the van.
We have the van.
- We've got the van.
- Mm-hmm.
♪ "La Grange" by ZZ Top ♪
♪ Rumor spreading round ♪
♪ In that Texas town ♪
♪ About that shack
outside La Grange ♪
♪ And you know
what I'm talking about ♪
♪ Just let me know
if you want to go ♪
♪ To that home
out on the range ♪
♪ They got a lot of nice girls ♪
♪ Have mercy ♪
♪ A-haw, haw, haw-haw ♪
♪ Heh, a-haw, haw-haw ♪
♪ Well, I hear it's fine ♪
♪ If you got the time
♪ And the ten
to get yourself in ♪
♪ A-hmm, hmm... ♪
[whoops]
Whoa! A strike!
♪ Most every night ♪
♪ But now I might be mistaken ♪
♪ Hmm, hmm, hmm... ♪
Babe.
[exhales]
Aw, that's so cute.
How long have they been
together?
About three weeks.
Three weeks?
Yeah.
I bet there's more
hanky-panky going on
at the nursing home
than in your house.
[chuckles] You don't want
any part of that bet, Ethel.
You think you'll find
love again?
You never lost a lover, did you?
No.
Wouldn't want to go
through that twice.
Mm.
But I would like to have a dick
in my face one last time.
Let me see what I can do
- about that.
- Mm.
♪ gentle, hopeful music ♪
***
They were dancing
and eating pizza.
It takes so little
to make them happy.
Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah.
But the way that they live? Oh.
Stuck in some fucking
renovated motel
and nobody comes
to visit them. Ever.
- I mean, nobody.
- Mm-hmm.
It's like they're
fucking forgotten.
Oh, yeah. Awful.
Know what you should do
with these?
Put 'em in a blender,
grind 'em up,
mix in some water
and then inject it
directly into your ass,
'cause that's where it's going.
You know, Angela?
[short chuckle]
I ain't too worried
- about how my ass looks.
- Well, how about
your arteries?
You give a shit how they look?
- I make dinner every night.
- Mm-hmm.
Clean food. Good for your body,
good for your soul, and you eat
that fucking catfish food.
- [grunts, chuckles]
- Come on, Dale.
Ooh.
- Hi, baby.
- Hey, honey.
Thank God. You tapping in?
- I'm in, bud.
- Ah.
Fucking hell.
How was your day, baby?
[phone vibrates]
Shit. Let me get this
before I answer that.
Mm.
[sighs]
Fuck.
Yeah?
[Rebecca]
Can you meet?
- I'd rather not.
- Let me rephrase that.
We need to meet.
All right, fine. How about
the Patch Cafe
in a half an hour?
Babe, my day is not over.
I'll be back in a couple hours.
You're no fun.
Honey, it's not fun
for me either.
- Thanks.
- [laughing]
I don't want a four-course meal
and a lecture on the cuisine.
I just want a fucking sandwich.
Then you better make it quick.
You talk to Monty?
Heart attack.
- That his fifth?
- Yeah, I think so.
What'd Cooper do?
He played the game.
And he played it well.
Well, he's playing
a dangerous game with this girl.
Nearly got him killed
and it still might.
I don't think he's playing
with her, Tommy.
The way those two
look at each other...
[line ringing]
[sighs]
Yep?
I'm gonna need an hour.
Say eight, then.
Okay, I'll see you then.
All right, Nate.
I'm gonna try to un-fuck this.
Or at least figure it out.
Best of luck.
- [sighs]
- [doorbell rings]
I got it, Daddy.
The hell are you going in that?
Bible study, remember?
[knocking]
Evening, sir.
Evening.
Hi.
Where y'all headed tonight?
Um... Bible study, sir.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
- I'll be.
- Yeah.
Huh. What's the subject
of tonight's Bible study?
Um... the...
- [mouthing]
- virtues of
"asbtituh"?
- "Ab-abstu"?
- Abstinence.
"Abstinenn," sir.
Okay. You know
what that word means?
I, um...
I do not, sir.
Well, first off, it's not a word
the way you said it.
It's "abstinence."
And what it means
is don't fuck my daughter.
But I'm not telling you that.
That's a direct command
from God.
God is telling you
don't fuck my daughter.
- Understood?
- Yes, sir.
I need to get by.
I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
["Change The Game"
by Cody Jinks]
♪ I've been up and down
these highways ♪
♪ Put up wet
and rode too hard... ♪
Where do you want to go?
I don't know where to go.
I'm not from here.
- We could go to dinner.
- Hmm.
I can't eat in this dress.
♪ I know it's all been
worth it... ♪
[sighs]
I wish I'd thought to say
to bring a swimsuit.
- I have a swimsuit.
- With you?
Of course.
I'm from Aledo.
No matter how a night starts,
it always ends in a pool.
♪ Then I made it
just to spite... ♪
I hear that place
is something else.
Yeah, but it's not
that different from here.
If...
you know, here it was
clean and-and pretty.
So, where do we go swimming?
Refinery just filled
a new reservoir.
Only light is
from the flare, so...
water looks orange.
It's like swimming in fire.
Well, swimming in fire
doesn't make much sense.
Ain't nothing like it in Aledo,
I can promise you that.
Show me.
♪ What I have yet to find ♪
♪ I keep searching for a song ♪
Well, all right.
♪ I keep praying
for the young bloods ♪
♪ Next in line
to take my place ♪
♪ And the next one
to stand up and say ♪
♪ So I showed 'em who I was ♪
♪ And then I made it
just to spite ♪
♪ somber music ♪
***
[grunts]
[exhales]
La cena está lista.
- Sorry, supper's ready.
- [Cooper grunting]
You okay?
Uh...
I think I'm stuck.
S-Stuck?
[exhales]
It's, uh...
It's my right arm.
- I can't...
- Okay.
- [grunts]
- Well...
[groaning]
All right, I am just going
- to pull this down.
- [grunting]
Okay, just...
Okay. Hey.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Sorry.
[exhales]
It's, uh...
I don't how
I'm gonna get it off.
Well, how did you get it off
the first time?
Oh, it wasn't pretty.
You quit your job.
Got beat up.
And in exchange, you do my bills
- and mow the lawn.
- [chuckles]
For me, great, but you--
not sure I see the upside.
Looking at you is the upside.
Supper's ready.
You already said that.
I know.
[doorbell rings]
[dog barking]
Frustrating pattern
we're establishing.
Maybe it's not a pattern.
Maybe it's God
warning us to stop.
[knocking]
- Mr. Norris.
- Oh, Tommy's fine.
Uh, how you doing?
I'm fine.
Yeah. Is Cooper here?
Yeah.
I'd like to talk to him,
if you don't mind.
Uh, yeah, we're just about
to have supper. Come in...
Oh, well, no. I-I don't want
to interrupt. I can just--
- Uh, I can talk to him later.
- No, please.
Uh, Cooper.
When a Mexican woman tells you
to eat, the only answer is yes.
Oh. Okay.
Thank you.
[soft clattering]
Okay. Come on, eat.
Use a bowl for the churipo.
Which one's that, hon?
That's good, that's good.
Thank you.
What's that deal?
Uh, it's a corunda.
It's, like, a type of tamale.
Just unwrap it.
Oh.
So, uh... [clears throat]
I'd like to, uh...
Ooh.
[coughing]
[sniffles, coughs]
Sorry.
Yeah, it takes
some getting used to.
Bet it does.
I like hot stuff,
don't get me wrong,
but, boy, that's--
sneak up on you.
Mm. That's how
my grandma made it.
[chuckles] Huh, yeah.
[Tommy coughing]
[coughs]
So, what is this--
what-what are y'all up to?
She's scared here alone and
I need somewhere to heal up--
No, no, no, no. Uh-uh.
We're not doing that.
We're telling the truth here.
What is this?
What are y'all doing?
- Trying to figure it out.
- Yeah?
How's that going?
Little clumsy.
- I'm not surprised.
- [sighs]
I know what you think this is.
I'm scared.
A widow with a baby
and no future.
And you're right,
I am those things.
But if I was looking
for a man to take care of me,
the 22-year-old worm
on a work-over crew
would not be my solution.
♪ contemplative music ♪
***
So I don't know what this is.
Am I grieving?
Am I avoiding it?
Or did God show mercy on me
and give me
another love already?
Elvio was funny,
kind to me.
He bought this house.
Built a life.
But Elvio never once looked
at me the way he looks at me.
Not once.
Ever.
It's every time he looks.
And I like it.
So what do I do with that?
Your supper's over, too.
Maybe we fall in love
and last 50 years.
Maybe next week I realize that
I'm just hiding from this thing.
Maybe I fall in love,
and all he feels is guilt.
So, like I said,
it's clumsy.
I'm gonna let it be.
Thank you for stopping by.
Judge me all you want
from that truck,
but I will not be judged
in my own fucking house.
Son, you might've outkicked
your coverage on this one.
[Tommy chuckling]
Thank you for the food, hon.
I can't think
of one thing in the world
that would be better
than the two of you lasting
for the next 50 years.
And if it's not with him,
I hope you find somebody.
'Cause you're one of the few
that I've met
that actually deserves it, okay?
[dishes clank]
[Ariana]
What are you doing?
I thought supper was over.
It's over for everyone but you.
Sit down, flaco.
Eat.
[sighs]
[sobbing]
There's nothing you can do,
Cooper.
Just eat.
[crying]
[Ainsley]
What are they burning?
[Ryder]
Uh, it's the, uh,
gas that comes up with the oil
when it comes to the surface.
Got to burn it off or else
it'll build up till it explodes.
Has that ever happened?
Yeah, it happens enough
to have companies
that do nothing but put 'em out.
When they're talking
about "bad for the environment,"
that's what
they're talking about.
You believe that stuff?
When I look at that, I do.
[sighs]
Well...
I can promise you
all those Chinese lithium mines
are bad for the environment.
They say that cattle burping's
bad for the environment.
Now they want to get rid
of all the cattle.
[laughs]
What about us?
There's seven billion of us.
We don't burp?
They put solar panels
and wind turbines
on these lands
that kill these birds,
disrupt their patterns.
Then they stick 'em in the ocean
and kill the whales.
You want to know
what the worst thing is
for the environment,
the very worst,
- in the whole damn world?
- Tell me.
What is it?
You and me.
Humans.
Yeah.
And they got a plan
for that, too,
just you wait.
We have not seen
our last pandemic.
You're one of those.
[chuckles]
I am one of those.
Why are you one of those?
- You trying to dunk me? [laughs]
- Yes, I am.
- How's that working out?
- I can't.
- I did not see that coming.
- Whatever.
[Ryder laughs]
Someone's here.
[indistinct chatter]
All the roughneck bring
their girlfriends here.
But never their wives.
- God, you are something.
- [laughs]
♪ gentle music ♪
***
I like you.
Right back at you.
Now I'm gonna test you.
I like a good test.
We'll see about that.
Where are we going?
To take your test.
♪ Pretty good at faking sober ♪
♪ And pretty good
at crossing over... ♪
Hey.
[sighs]
- All right, let me have it.
- Oh, I plan to.
Your son lives
with one of the victims' wife.
Did you know that?
Yeah, I did.
Didn't think that's
information worth sharing?
It's a new development.
Oh, yeah. I'm aware.
Because she had
a fucking husband
three weeks ago.
What are the odds
that on his first day...
his first day...
he just happens
to be assigned by you
to that workover crew.
And on that first day
a pumpjack...
not a drilling rig,
not a workover rig,
but a pumpjack...
explodes and kills the husband
of the woman he now lives with--
Now hang on a sec,
what are you trying to say?
I'm not done.
It turns out that this worm
is two months from
a petroleum engineering degree,
with a minor in geology.
Couple this with the fact
that pumpjacks are so stable
a means of extracting oil,
they go unmonitored for years.
Years.
There are pumpjacks
installed in the 1930s
that are still in use.
In fact,
pumpjacks are so reliable,
it would likely take
a petroleum engineer
to get one to blow.
And one happened to be there.
What are the odds?
What are the odds he is
the only witness to survive?
And what are the odds
he would know to counter
on a settlement agreement?
It was presented as a payout,
not an offer.
And just like that, his little
girlfriend is a millionaire.
Wait a minute,
400,000 is a fucking insult
to this family.
We never go in that low.
My job is to limit
liability loss.
Do you know
how this company saves money?
[Rebecca]
Hmm?
We buy pipe in bulk
when demand is low.
We buy leases
when everybody's selling.
We get our trucks below holdback
because I go in
and drop ten grand
at Rick's Cabaret
on the sales manager.
We don't save money
from bereavement payments
to widows of our fucking friends
- of ours, okay?
- Oh, now they're friends, huh?
Yeah, they're friends. I went
to the girl's wedding, okay?
I see your little plan.
As I was saying,
my job is to limit
liability loss.
Everything you touch
has liability.
Yeah, well...
welcome to the oil business.
Now let me tell you something.
That explosion was an accident,
and you fucking know it.
And if you come after my son
to heal your little bruised ego,
next time it won't be,
all right?
That a threat?
Yeah, it's a fucking threat.
♪ But I'm pretty good
at faking sober ♪
♪ And pretty good at ♪
♪ Crossing over those ♪
♪ Lines ♪
♪ Oh, those lines ♪
[engine starts]
[sinister ringtone playing]
Fuck.
- Hello.
- Day almost over?
It's over.
Well, how was it?
[sighs] My days are
all the same, honey.
[sighs]
Come home.
I'll make you feel better.
I don't want to feel better.
Well, I want to feel better.
So, man up, get your ass home,
- take a Viagra, you selfish--
- I-I can't do this right now.
Can't do it.
I'll see you when I see you.
- [blows]
- Uh, a scarecrow?
A-a, um...
drunk scarecrow?
- [creaking]
- Airplane crashing?
Dying bird... dead bird.
Uh, eagle.
Oh, dy-dying eagle?
- He's sweet.
- Hmm.
[Ryder]
Uh, a drunk ghost?
- I mean, look at him.
- Turbine?
[Ethel clears throat]
He's got an ass
like a couple of feed buckets.
- [Ryder] Uh, a fan?
- I don't know what the hell
you're doing in here with us.
You ought to be on all fours
in the back seat of his car.
[Ryder]
That spin-spinny thing, it's...
I know, but I wanted to see if
he cares about more than that.
- Hu-Hu-Hurricane?
- [buzzer sounds]
Time's up!
- "Windmill," dang it!
- [Beverly] Yes.
He does care.
Or he might
just want you so much,
he'll do anything to get it.
Ethel, that would be better.
Both roads lead
to the same place, honey.
Oh, my turn.
Uh, mask?
Uh, uh, dancing pirate?
Ooh, an animal?
Oh, an animal eating something?
Animal with a mask?
[man grunts]
[vehicle approaching]
[spits]
♪ percussive music ♪
***
[speaking Spanish]
[explosions]
[explosions continue]
[pilot]
Target zone in sight.
Did you place hard targets
out here?
[man]
Negative.
Well, you've got some now.
Base, I think
we have bogeys in the TZ.
Bogeys in the target zone.
Did they take hits?
Sparrow one-one,
did the bogeys take hits?
***
♪ gentle music ♪